<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
To change this license header, choose License Headers in Project Properties.
To change this template file, choose Tools | Templates
and open the template in the editor.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:fb="http://www.facebook.com/2008/fbml">
    <h:head>
        <title>Get Freaky</title>
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
        <script name="jquery/jquery.js" library="primefaces"></script>
        <script src="https://apis.google.com/js/platform.js" async = "defer"></script>
        <meta name="google-signin-client_id" content="184243885869-65g68jc9lbuv89093ncuc5vt0fj8p78q.apps.googleusercontent.com"/>
        <script type="text/javascript">
            function onSignIn(googleUser) {
                var profile = googleUser.getBasicProfile();
                console.log('Name: ' + profile.getName());
                var id_token = googleUser.getAuthResponse().id_token;
                document.getElementById("google:idToken").value = id_token;
                document.getElementById("google:signIn").click();
            }

            function signOut() {
                var auth2 = gapi.auth2.getAuthInstance();
                auth2.signOut().then(function () {
                    console.log('User signed out.');
                });
            }


            function logOut() {
                signOut();
            }
        </script>
        <script>
            // This is called with the results from from FB.getLoginStatus().
            function statusChangeCallback(response) {
                console.log('statusChangeCallback');
                console.log(response);
                if (response.status === 'connected') {
                    // Logged into your app and Facebook.
                    testAPI();
                } else if (response.status === 'not_authorized') {
                    // The person is logged into Facebook, but not your app.
                    document.getElementById('status').innerHTML = 'Please log ' +
                            'into this app.';
                } else {
                    // The person is not logged into Facebook, so we're not sure if
                    // they are logged into this app or not.
                    document.getElementById('status').innerHTML = 'Please log ' +
                            'into Facebook.';
                    logOutFaceboot();
                }
            }

            // This function is called when someone finishes with the Login
            // Button.  See the onlogin handler attached to it in the sample
            // code below.
            function checkLoginState() {
                FB.getLoginStatus(function (response) {
                    statusChangeCallback(response);
                });
            }

            window.fbAsyncInit = function () {
                FB.init({
                    appId: '767706113368797',
                    cookie: true, // enable cookies to allow the server to access 
                    // the session
                    xfbml: true, // parse social plugins on this page
                    version: 'v2.5' // use graph api version 2.5
                });

                FB.getLoginStatus(function (response) {
                    statusChangeCallback(response);
                });

            };

            // Load the SDK asynchronously
            (function (d, s, id) {
                var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
                if (d.getElementById(id))
                    return;
                js = d.createElement(s);
                js.id = id;
                js.src = "//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js";
                fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);
            }(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));

            // Here we run a very simple test of the Graph API after login is
            // successful.  See statusChangeCallback() for when this call is made.
            function testAPI() {
                console.log('Welcome!  Fetching your information.... ');
                FB.api('/me', function (response) {

                });
            }
            
            function logOutFaceboot(){
                document.getElementById("logout:button").click;
            }
        </script>
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <div>Logged in as : #{logBean.email}</div>
        <div class="g-signin2" data-onsuccess="onSignIn"></div>
        <fb:login-button scope="public_profile,email" autologoutlink="true" onlogin="checkLoginState();" onlogout="logOutFaceboot();"/>   
        <h:form>
            <p:calendar value="#{logBean.date}"  >
                <p:ajax event="dateSelect" listener="#{logBean.dateSelected}" update="@(.updateList)"/>
            </p:calendar>
        </h:form>
        <h:outputLabel value="#{logBean.output}"/>
        <h:form>
            <p:dataList value="#{logBean.workoutResults}" var="result" type="ordered" styleClass="updateList">
                <f:facet name="header">
                    Workout results
                </f:facet>
                #{result}
            </p:dataList>
        </h:form>
        <h:form id="logout">
            <h:commandButton id="button" value="Sign out from app" onclick="logOut();" action="#{logBean.logOut()}"/>
        </h:form>
    </h:body>
</html>
